[Music]
if you share your password your partner
might leave you so you took the big step
in your relationship no you didn't buy a
house or an engagement ring you gave
your partner your passwords by doing
this you're saying that you trust them
while sharing this highly confidential
information seems like a step in the
right direction in your relationship
there are detrimental side effects that
can come with it what should you
consider before handing over your
passwords before finding out don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
turn on notifications to join us on the
bright side of life a study conducted by
better buy insurance showed that 41% of
18 to 34 year olds said they regretted
sharing their passwords with their
partners that's almost half perhaps age
has something to do with it
because only 5% of people over 55 said
they regretted it with the younger age
group being so tech savvy it's easier to
lose trust when it comes to sneaking
into accounts let's investigate the key
issues at play here setting boundaries
and respecting privacy when offering up
your password and other personal info
online you have to make sure you can
really trust your partner even if you've
been with them for over a year and live
with them how well do you really know
them can you trust that during a bad
fight or even a breakup they won't turn
on you and use your information without
your consent
while you may say of course not this may
be because you're so in love that you
can't see beyond it the truth is that
you can never completely trust anyone
not 100% anyway even if you don't
believe that sentiment it's important to
at least think of this as a boundary for
yourself additionally it's important to
understand that just because you're in a
relationship it doesn't mean you don't
deserve privacy all people are
individuals and whether you're in a
relationship or not you have a right to
your own hobbies interests and more but
don't confuse privacy with lying about
things keeping things private is fine as
long as you're open with your partner
Jamie skipper a respected life coach
explains how all people are
titled to their private thoughts
messages and conversations online
whether they're in a relationship or not
she says respect other people's privacy
and individuality respect their model of
the world and remember that your beliefs
are not necessarily theirs in simple
terms respect your significant others
privacy both emotionally and digitally
manipulation before handing over your
personal info ask yourself one important
question why do they want this info so
badly why are you giving them your
password is it because you simply
decided to out of thin air just because
the two of you are very close and share
a lot of your lives together doesn't
mean that they have to know your
passwords if you feel uncomfortable with
them having it it doesn't mean you don't
trust them you're simply being cautious
if your partner persistently asks for
your password and says that you don't
trust them if you don't give it to them
this is a classic case of manipulation
by not sharing your personal info they
take it to mean something bigger and use
it to threaten the relationship if this
happens you may be better off breaking
up damage prevention sure your
relationship may be all rainbows and
ponies today but what about a month or a
year from now you never really know
exactly where your relationship will end
up for that reason sharing your password
with your partner can be incredibly
damaging many couples tell post breakup
horror stories about scorned lovers
hacking into Instagram and Facebook
accounts pretending to be their acts as
they befriend and talk to people that
sounds like a total nightmare protect
yourself if you don't feel comfortable
sharing your passwords with your
significant other it's important to take
precautionary measures when creating
them in the first place our significant
others know us incredibly well and you'd
be surprised by how easily they can
guess your top secret passwords here are
some tips on how to create a bulletproof
password one give your email account its
own password make sure this code is
incredibly strong and hard to get
if all your accounts go down your email
is the one you'll need the most to be
random the more random the words you
choose the better but if you do this be
sure to write it down somewhere safe so
you don't forget it
3 take advantage of 2-step
authentication in many online systems
they offer two different steps of
security providing even more protection
for your accounts typically 2-step
authentication requires that you login
using a device you've already registered
attempts from other devices
aka your significant others phone will
be rejected for change your passwords
after a breakup if you do share your
password with a partner and then break
up with them change the password
promptly before they have a chance to
use it even if you didn't share your
codes with them it's safer to change
them every once in a while to avoid any
hacking situations in addition to
sharing passwords there are other ways
the digital world can ruin a
relationship social media has completely
changed the relationship game have you
ever had the urge to check in to your
partners Instagram or Facebook to see
who they follow it's easy to become
jealous by doing this even though you
chose to snoop this can manifest itself
into full-on jealousy resulting in you
creating a narrative in your head where
there's actually nothing bad going on
other than them following someone's
account which is what Instagram and
Facebook are all about social media also
prevents you from moving on from past
relationships having the ability to peek
into an ex is life without leaving a
trace prevents you from forgetting about
your past
checking your ex's personal pages online
can cause you to become irrationally
jealous and angry and it can be an
incredibly toxic habit it prohibits you
from moving on and can also infringe on
your current relationships who likes it
when their partner checks their exes
Instagram page all the time the answer
is no one no one likes that another way
social media can damage your
relationship it keeps you from living in
the here and now if you're on a date and
are updating your status and posting
pictures of your fancy cocktail you're
completely missing the point of going on
a date dates are for you and your
partner to share conversation and bond
over experiences if one or both of you
are glued to your phone you're missing
out on a ritual that is crucial to a
healthy relationship if you feel like
your significant other is taking
advantage of you or is using technology
to ruin your life it is likely a toxic
relationship that you should no longer
be in try talking to them openly about
your concerns and see if they feel the
same way communication is key have you
ever shared your password with your
significant other and regretted it tell
us about your experience in the comments
section don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click Subscribe stay on the bright side
[Music]